Fix bad hash in web/javascript/reference/errors/not_defined (#14278)
mdn/translated-content: files/ko/web/javascript/reference/errors/not_defined/index.md

- {{Glossary("Scope")}}
- [Declaring variables in the JavaScript Guide](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Grammar_and_types#Declaring_variables)

> - [Function scope in the JavaScript Guide](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions#Function_scope)

Reviewer: I've used google translate to check the hash :)

```suggestion
- [Function scope in the JavaScript Guide](/ko/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions#함수_스코프)
```

Author: Looks like that's the correct header!
